People make decisions every day.
For example, before you go outside you
kind of have an if statement that says,
if it's raining,
then I need to get my jacket.
And computers are amazing once you
decide those kinds of statements
that they can reliably execute
those things at unbelievable speed.
And so a computer program, really,
is a little bit of math and
some if statements where
the decision gets made.
So in this puzzle, the if block
helps the zombie make a decision.
>> Brains.
>> It shuts something.
For example, let's use the block that
says If there's a path to the left and
put a turn left command inside it.
So we're telling the zombie
to check it's surrounding.
See if there's that path on the left and
if so make that turn.
And then we use the move forward
block inside this repeat
to get it to keep moving forward as
long as it just wants to go straight.
Then when there's the turn,
the if block will tell it to
make this turn to the left.
And you can see, if we do that,
if we're taking the turn to the left and
otherwise moving forward,
we'll achieve our goal.
So it's an example of
using an if statement,
which is really a fundamental
concept in computer programming.
One of the first things I learned was how
to write a program to play Tic-tac-toe.
So I had if statements to say okay if the
other person is about to win go ahead and
block that spot.
So have fun learning how to use if
statements, it's a key concept.